README.md, before:

# 🚀 Bayesian SSH - Fast and Easy SSH Session Manager

[![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-1.70+-blue.svg)](https://rustup.rs/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)
[![CI](https://github.com/abdoufermat5/bayesian-ssh/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/abdoufermat5/bayesian-ssh/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

> **An ultra-fast and intelligent SSH session manager with fuzzy search across all commands, Kerberos support, bastion hosts, and advanced history management.**

## 🎯 What is Bayesian SSH?

**Bayesian SSH** transforms your SSH experience with intelligent automation:

- **One-click connections** to your servers
- **Intelligent fuzzy search** across all commands - find connections by partial names, tags, or patterns
- **Automatic Kerberos** ticket management
- **Smart bastion host** routing
- **Tag-based organization** for easy management
- **Complete connection history** with statistics
- **SQLite database** for persistence

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Installation

#### Option 1: One-liner Install (Recommended)
```bash
# Install latest release automatically (non-interactive)
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/abdoufermat5/bayesian-ssh/main/install.sh | bash
```

```
# Interactive installation (choose options)
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/abdoufermat5/bayesian-ssh/main/install.sh | bash -s -- --interactive
```

#### Option 2: Manual Build
```bash
# Clone and build
git clone https://github.com/abdoufermat5/bayesian-ssh.git
cd bayesian-ssh

# Build and install using Makefile
make release
make install

# Or use the script
./scripts/build_and_push.sh --release
sudo cp target/release/bayesian-ssh /usr/local/bin/
```

### First Connection
```bash
# Add a server
bayesian-ssh add "My Server" server.company.com

# Connect instantly
bayesian-ssh connect "My Server"
```

## 📖 Basic Usage

### Core Commands
```bash
# Connect to a server (with fuzzy search)
bayesian-ssh connect "Server Name"        # Exact match
bayesian-ssh connect "webprod"            # Finds "web-prod-server"
bayesian-ssh connect "prod"               # Shows all production servers

# Manage connections (all with fuzzy search)
bayesian-ssh edit "webprod"               # Edit connection settings
bayesian-ssh show "dbprod"                # Show connection details
bayesian-ssh remove "apigateway"          # Remove connection

# Add new connection
bayesian-ssh add "Server Name" hostname.com

# List connections
bayesian-ssh list

# Import from SSH config
bayesian-ssh import
```

### Bastion Management
```bash
# Use default bastion
bayesian-ssh add "Server" host.com

# Force direct connection
bayesian-ssh add "Server" host.com --no-bastion

# Custom bastion
bayesian-ssh add "Server" host.com --bastion custom-bastion.com
```


### Configuration

The app automatically creates configuration in `~/.config/bayesian-ssh/`:

```bash
# View current config
bayesian-ssh config

# Set defaults
bayesian-ssh config --default-user admin --use-kerberos
```

## 📚 Documentation

For comprehensive guides and advanced topics, see the [docs/](docs/) folder:

- **[Technical Architecture](docs/technical-architecture.md)** - System design and architecture
- **[Advanced Usage](docs/advanced-usage.md)** - Enterprise scenarios and complex use cases  
- **[Troubleshooting](docs/troubleshooting.md)** - Common issues and solutions
- **[Documentation Index](docs/README.md)** - Complete documentation overview


### Coming Soon
- 🎨 **Tauri GUI Interface** - Modern React-based interface
- ☁️ **Cloud Integrations** - AWS, Azure, GCP, Kubernetes
- 🔐 **Advanced Security** - Vault integration, MFA support

## 🤝 Contributing

1. **Fork** the project
2. **Create** a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. **Commit** your changes (`git commit -m 'Add AmazingFeature'`)
4. **Push** to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. **Open** a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under **MIT**. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---


*Developed with ❤️ by Abdoufermat*

Commit message:

fix: update default configuration for better user experience
- Change default user from hardcoded 'admin' to current system user
- Disable Kerberos by default (changed from true to false)
- Add whoami dependency for system user detection
- Update all documentation examples to reflect new defaults
- Fix clippy linting issues and code formatting
- Bump version to 1.1.1 (patch release)

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Bayesian SSH - Fast and Easy SSH Session Manager

[![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-1.70+-blue.svg)](https://rustup.rs/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)
[![CI](https://github.com/abdoufermat5/bayesian-ssh/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/abdoufermat5/bayesian-ssh/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

> **An ultra-fast and intelligent SSH session manager with fuzzy search across all commands, Kerberos support, bastion hosts, and advanced history management.**

## 🎯 What is Bayesian SSH?

**Bayesian SSH** transforms your SSH experience with intelligent automation:

- **One-click connections** to your servers
- **Intelligent fuzzy search** across all commands - find connections by partial names, tags, or patterns
- **Automatic Kerberos** ticket management
- **Smart bastion host** routing
- **Tag-based organization** for easy management
- **Complete connection history** with statistics
- **SQLite database** for persistence

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Installation

#### Option 1: One-liner Install (Recommended)
```bash
# Install latest release automatically (non-interactive)
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/abdoufermat5/bayesian-ssh/main/install.sh | bash
```

```
# Interactive installation (choose options)
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/abdoufermat5/bayesian-ssh/main/install.sh | bash -s -- --interactive
```

#### Option 2: Manual Build
```bash
# Clone and build
git clone https://github.com/abdoufermat5/bayesian-ssh.git
cd bayesian-ssh

# Build and install using Makefile
make release
make install

# Or use the script
./scripts/build_and_push.sh --release
sudo cp target/release/bayesian-ssh /usr/local/bin/
```

### First Connection
```bash
# Add a server
bayesian-ssh add "My Server" server.company.com

# Connect instantly
bayesian-ssh connect "My Server"
```

## 📖 Basic Usage

### Core Commands
```bash
# Connect to a server (with fuzzy search)
bayesian-ssh connect "Server Name"        # Exact match
bayesian-ssh connect "webprod"            # Finds "web-prod-server"
bayesian-ssh connect "prod"               # Shows all production servers

# Manage connections (all with fuzzy search)
bayesian-ssh edit "webprod"               # Edit connection settings
bayesian-ssh show "dbprod"                # Show connection details
bayesian-ssh remove "apigateway"          # Remove connection

# Add new connection
bayesian-ssh add "Server Name" hostname.com

# List connections
bayesian-ssh list

# Import from SSH config
bayesian-ssh import
```

### Bastion Management
```bash
# Use default bastion
bayesian-ssh add "Server" host.com

# Force direct connection
bayesian-ssh add "Server" host.com --no-bastion

# Custom bastion
bayesian-ssh add "Server" host.com --bastion custom-bastion.com
```


### Configuration

The app automatically creates configuration in `~/.config/bayesian-ssh/`:

```bash
# View current config
bayesian-ssh config

# Set defaults (Kerberos is disabled by default, current user is used)
bayesian-ssh config --use-kerberos --default-user customuser
```

## 📚 Documentation

For comprehensive guides and advanced topics, see the [docs/](docs/) folder:

- **[Technical Architecture](docs/technical-architecture.md)** - System design and architecture
- **[Advanced Usage](docs/advanced-usage.md)** - Enterprise scenarios and complex use cases  
- **[Troubleshooting](docs/troubleshooting.md)** - Common issues and solutions
- **[Documentation Index](docs/README.md)** - Complete documentation overview


### Coming Soon
- 🎨 **Tauri GUI Interface** - Modern React-based interface
- ☁️ **Cloud Integrations** - AWS, Azure, GCP, Kubernetes
- 🔐 **Advanced Security** - Vault integration, MFA support

## 🤝 Contributing

1. **Fork** the project
2. **Create** a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. **Commit** your changes (`git commit -m 'Add AmazingFeature'`)
4. **Push** to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. **Open** a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under **MIT**. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---


*Developed with ❤️ by Abdoufermat*
